Add documentation about InlineJavascriptRequirement expressionLib (#242)
common-workflow-language/user_guide: src/topics/expressions.md

[file-prop]: https://www.commonwl.org/v1.0/CommandLineTool.html#File

## Using external libraries and inline JavaScript code with `expressionLib`

The requirement `InlineJavascriptRequirement` supports an `expressionLib` attribute
that allows users to load external JavaScript files, or to provide inline JavaScript
code.

Entries added to the `expressionLib` attribute are parsed with the JavaScript engine

> of the CWL Runner. This can be used to include external files or to create JavaScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of a CWL runner. This can be used to include external files or to create JavaScript
```

functions that can be called in other parts of the CWL document.

```{note}

> The `cwltool` CWL Runner, uses a JavaScript Engine that supports
> [ECMAScript 5.1](https://262.ecma-international.org/5.1/). This means that any
> code that you include or write in your CWL Document must be compliant with
> ECMAScript 5.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CWL standards (versions 1.0 through 1.2) [states](https://www.commonwl.org/v1.0/CommandLineTool.html#Expressions)
 that the only version of JavaScript valid in CWL expressions is
[ECMAScript 5.1](https://262.ecma-international.org/5.1/). This means that any
code that you include or write in your CWL Document must be compliant with
ECMAScript 5.1.
```

Author: Perfect!!! Thanks! :hand:

```

For example, we can write a JavaScript function to an external file `custom-functions.js`:

```{literalinclude} /_includes/cwl/custom-functions.js
:language: javascript
:caption: "`custom-functions.js`"
:name: "`custom-functions.js`"
```

The following CWL document includes the `custom-functions.js` file and uses its function
`capitalizeWords`:

```{literalinclude} /_includes/cwl/hello-world-expressionlib.cwl
:language: cwl
:caption: "`hello-world-expressionlib.cwl`"
:name: "`hello-world-expressionlib.cwl`"
```

```{note}

> In `expressionLib`, `$include` supports both relative and absolute paths.

Author: @mr-c I added this note as I was curious about it as well, and couldn't find it in the specification. Once this PR is merged, I am planning to update the 1.2.1 branch with some notes about `expressionLib`. Do you know if this (loading relative/absolute paths) is the intended behavior?

If so I will try to word it like that, and also add a note that it doesn't support loading remote files (e.g. `$include: https://cdn.etcetc/underscore.js` is not supported).

Reviewer: Remote references should work: https://www.commonwl.org/v1.0/SchemaSalad.html#Include

Author: Oh, #TIL! Going to try that too. Do you think we should include an example of that here too?

Reviewer: Hmm.. I think a note is enough. Relying on external resources is fragile.
